the greatest pizza order ever 😍😂
The Mazahiya Movement
Samsung SSD
This is the official Samsung SSD Facebook community.  Share your experiences, learn about new product releases and ask your questions.
Zubin Paul
Singer | Song-Writer | Music Producer and Programmer | Live Performer | Creative Artiste
Twitter - @zubinpaul_96
Instagram - @zubinpaulofficial


Hackman
Hackman is a Hackathon Event organised by Information Science Department of Dayanand Sagar College of Engineering, Bangalore 
Mr Bean
Welcome to Mr Bean's official Facebook page! 

Check out www.mrbean.com and subscribe on YouTube - http://bit.ly/2g2UnwR
The Science Of Deduction
Get the sherlock informations, pictures, puzzles, quotes, artwork of deduction & many more.The Game Is On.......... :):):):)
Buddhism
Buddhist Wisdom, Philosophy & Teachings 
BBC One
Inside the nation's favourite moments.
Aerospace CLUB VITCC
Planet Superheroes
Allowing super fans to express themselves since 2013. Visit us to shop for official merchandise starring your favorite characters.
NIE IEEE Computer Society
NIE IEEE Computer Society (NICS) is the Computer Society chapter hosted under NIE IEEE Student Branch.
Benedict Cumberbatch
The place for fans to come & get their daily
dose of all things Cumberbatch!

We hope you enjoy this unofficial fan page page!  
UN Web TV
United Nations   http://webtv.un.org
Crisis Text Line at Yale
We are a student partnership between Yale and Crisis Text Line, a resource that provides free, anonymous, 24/7 support via text for those in crisis.
Sherlock Holmes
The official Facebook page for Sherlock Holmes | Nothing Escapes Him.
Sherlock
Official Facebook page for the British TV series Sherlock, produced by Hartswood Films. This is a page from BBC Worldwide, trading as BBC Studios, who help fund new BBC programmes.
मैसूरू हिन्दी विचार मंच
मैसूरू हिन्दी विचार मंच” मेरी स्वरचित कविताएँ की एक छोटी सी शुरूआत।
Joel Osteen Ministries
We would love to connect with you! Contact us at info@JoelOsteen.com or find more information about our ministry at www.joelosteen.com
The Souled Store
The Souled Store is your friendly neighbourhood store, helping you express yourself with quirky merchandise.

India
Internet.org by Facebook
Internet.org is a Facebook-led initiative bringing together technology leaders, nonprofits and local communities to connect the world.
KU Int'l Summer & Winter Campus
Korea University International Summer & Winter Campus
BTS
방탄소년단의 Official Facebook에 오신 것을 환영합니다. Welcome to BTS Official Facebook!
